to the W show where I have blood on my
hands what a criminal according to
someone's I think High School teacher I
have the blood of people on my hands um
and I am personally what is this well
well we'll we'll we'll we'll get into it
apparently I am like really really
really bad though and this got a lot of
upvotes on Reddit with people kind of
weighing in on on this teacher's take on
uh my pedal of tech tips on the internet
and other news uh much actually more on
topic news telecoms hate her we're
talking of course about lenina KH uh
dude click to cancel okay so making it
easier for people to cancel
subscriptions um trade groups
representing the Telecom industry not
happy about it we're going to be talking
about that what else we got this week
Airlines Embrace starlink and it sounds
like it's a lot better than what we've
had in the past but you know we'll talk
about that later Al Squarespace goes
private this might not make a lot of
sense to be all that interesting but
remember they just bought Google
domains oh no
[Music]
the show today is brought to you by jump
Cloud Fallout 76 and flexispot with our
chair partner secret lab our laptop
partner LG and our rap partner dbrand
why don't we jump right into our title
topic today which is of course that
lonus is personally hurting children in
the
Congo um lonus has blood on his hands
children in actually uh Dem ratic
Republic of the Congo I think is the
proper term but sure whatever um work
for less than $2 a day so he can sell
you Tech tips it is a requirement if
they don't work for $2 a day or less
you're actually legally not allowed to
give anyone Tech tips don't let Tech
influencers sway you into gross
consumerism buy less Tech and end the
suffering in Congo uh so according to
the poster on Reddit um let's see if I
can actually find anything from the op
here yeah no well anyway uh there's
there's a lot to kind of unpack here
um you guys can probably hear that short
aside Marty from Mighty Car Mods and a
bunch of uh his friends are here this
week working on a collab we took ploop
car to a completely new level so look
forward to that video soon uh that was
probably the car like going somewhere
and it's not close to us right now
it's it's got a cosmetic Muffler is I
believe the uh the the term for it
cosmetic Muffler anyway uh the point is
there there's a lot to unpack here and
I'm going to stun everyone including
probably my co-host my producer and all
of you watching by saying I don't fund
mentally
[Laughter]
disagree okay but hold on okay hold on
so I've actually had this conversation
uh internally uh before well not this
specific one but in this case it was uh
it was more along the lines of um sort
of discussing the impact of our business
environmentally more more broadly you
know uh we we create oh that that's not
our product again we create um merch
items you know we have things
manufactured uh we sell them uh we we
burn jet fuel shipping them around the
world um we obviously are sometimes we
burn jet fuel shipping ourselves across
the world y yeah we do um in cases where
realistically we could have found out
just as much about the product on a zoom
call um instead you know we we we fly
somewhere we eat food up in a mile in
the air because you know that is where
you should eat food instead of eating it
in your home harvested somewhere ped
somewhere else moved to an airport put
in a plane and shipped somewhere else
with you to eat and so running running
the business that we do uh we oh man we
we build sets right these are these are
structures that do not house anybody
yeah right we we buy technology and I
think this is part of the point that's
being made with this slide we buy
technology products that contain uh
precious materials like Cobalt and
lithium um in some cases you know
very controversially obtained materials
right and don't even use them sometimes
we have a warehouse of devices that are
sitting not being used you know you
could easily look at our business and go
okay well you guys have an enormous
carbon footprint you guys have an
enormous environmental impact um so I
understand
oh boy I think that was across the front
of the building I think so I think that
was fairly close I understand where this
point is coming from and I actually
think it comes from a pretty good place
we are a marketing company right we are
a a production company um and part of
our job is to sell things right
fundamentally right I mean we're going
to we're going to give you guys a pitch
for our new tech bro vet
later on in this very podcast um however
I do think that there are degrees to
which you can mitigate some of the
damage and I do think that singling out
me as you know the tech influencer who
has blood on his hands uh seems a little
misguided given my history of promoting
the three Rs of promoting right to
repair of of principally standing behind
those things that I promote when it
comes to things like investments in
framework who is legitimately doing real
work to make was not done on a framework
laptop oh yeah that's a good point it
was done on a Chromebook probably just
about the most disposable kind of laptop
computer that you can purchase yeah um
and so I think that's something that is
maybe some Nuance that is missing in
this take is that realistically you are
going to need cloes
you are going to need a computer um if
you want to you know not get arrested
for being naked everywhere and if you
want to have a job you know in the year
2024 yeah a lot of Modern Life is done
through Computing and a big part of our
job is to make sure that when you buy
those clothes they last for a really
long time and when you buy that computer
it's one that actually suits your needs
properly instead of being manufactured
e-w there is so much more waste involved
in buying something and then it just
being a piece of junk that should have
never been manufactured in the first
place supporting that industry instead
of just supporting companies that build
a highquality product that's made to
last in the first place which is what we
obviously strive to help people find we
don't nail everything we are not perfect
we are in fact human it turns out but
what I would ask then to this uh teacher
whatever grade whatever class this is on
something English yeah okay this is an
English class I don't see how this is
particularly on topic but anyway what's
going it doesn't matter the point is
here's what I would ask um how would you
do
it what would your media company do then
right like in order for you to provide
people advice so that or should they
just should they not have a
phone and if they do have a phone which
do you have a phone how do you decide
which one to buy so I think there's
particular bits of uh people say the
website links to your store I've I've
typed in a bunch of times I've never had
to go to the store but um I I think it's
a someone's saying is it a media
literacy thing I think it might be that
I think it might be a display of like a
potential form of like propaganda or
something I don't think it's necessarily
actually legit um but uh so something
I've been thinking about though is like
I immediately pointed out when this was
first linked me and I thought it might
have been real um um I immediately
pointed out scrap head Wars because like
we we started that super early on in the
history of the company realistically in
in regards to like series that we have
um
and let's
see that does
work um we we started it super super
early on in the in the history of our
company um and its whole idea was
showing you don't have to buy new
computer components you can reuse
someone else's that they're trying to
get rid of right that was like not going
to
lie I may have just been post Bamboozled
oh yeah you guys were not going to tell
me may have misspelled it and somebody
else bought the domain and made it link
there that makes way more sense because
I I saw this on Reddit before it was in
the topics no okay let's get you guys up
to date so the uh the URL in the slide
redirects to LTT store.com which would
seem to suggest that it's a post but I
saw this when it first showed up on
Reddit and the op was replying to people
no this guy's actually for real okay and
it's a typo it's it's a completely
different site it's supposed to be like
friends ofth con.org yeah yeah so no no
no no no this is real it's really okay I
thought I thought it was just supposed
to cuz like no there was it seems like
it should be just like a cuz teachers
did stuff like that when I was in school
they would try to like rally you up on
something and make an argument about it
or whatever else yeah no it actually
does not seem to it does not actually
seem to be wow that's fantastic um so we
we we have specific series scrapyard
Wars where we show that you know you
don't have to buy new tech to get your
foot in the door in regardless to Tech
you can even get really high performant
good stuff by buying used things we have
compensator which shows not only do you
you know not have to buy new tech but
also just buying the most expensive
stuff is pretty stupid kind of actually
just stupid doesn't have a benefit yeah
we call a compensator right we're we're
we're making fun of it um spending that
kind of money just for just for show
just to have the most expensive thing um
the values on our Channel have always
been about finding bang for the buck
finding a good value recently you you
started just repairing broken things
yeah how like and valuable that is
however I'm going to again play Devil's
Advocate counters against my own channel
why did we make a video on the 115in TV
that again I invested heavily in in fuel
to be transported all the way from China
uh so that I could you know install in
my house creating a you know Shrine to a
media consumption like it's a whatever
right my point is just that people can
be influenced in a lot of different ways
and even if I say at the end of the
video yeah this isn't a great value and
it's not something that I'd recommend
for most people um it aspirationally
people might watch that and go like oh
but I'd like to I'd like to have
something like that right so so I think
you could make an argument that that I
do participate in sort of um maybe not
glorifying but but certainly making
consumption seem you attractive or
attainable or desirable
I don't know I think being interested in
technology is not inherently like a sin
and I think seeing the bounds of it is
is entertaining and and interesting and
you could you could see this massive TV
like I see that TV and I don't want
it like you're not telling people you
should want this you should go buy this
you're actually showing how complicated
and annoying it was to get and things
like that I think sometimes it comes
down to the messaging um you're not
actively recommending that people buy it
no I'm not but
like I don't know it's I definitely see
how if you're a fitness influencer sure
you are automatically going
to be you know communicating the
positives of buying stuff are you though
yeah what if what if you're a fitness
influencer who focuses entirely on Cals
darn it I thought about that as you were
going into it got him destroyed yeah
people like stay flexi are pretty good
for that kind of stuff yeah if you're if
you're a I don't know gy gym influencer
person come on cuz workout equipment is
expensive it's really heavy no you're
going to have to give me something other
than Fitness you got find a different
vertical find a different vertical
Automotive I mean we can hear it outside
right I think Automotive is actually an
even easier argue make for just the
unnecessity of that rather than just
accepting things the way that they are
what about the people that are in
situations where they they cannot do
anything other than have a vehicle
realistically there is no safe
alternative find me a channel that has
only ever done that
then I I don't think that's out there
yeah the the ethical the ethical
personal Transportation ownership
Channel there is no ethical consumption
under in my opinion effectively any
human system so it just is what it
is people got to make up for their own
make up for themsel what is okay and
what isn't
okay so basically the person who made
this slide did it on a laptop that has a
fat battery in it that probably has a
bunch of cobalt in it they could have
done it on something that didn't involve
batteries they could have done it on an
overhead projector but they didn't do
that so I think in short they almost
certainly have a phone I understand
where the teacher is coming from I
understand the argument um I understand
that
you're almost making the so you hate
Society why do you participate in it why
do you participate in an argument which
is no no no no I'm saying that this type
of argument doesn't really hold a lot of
water for me when that's the case if
there are you know there are channels
out there there are influencers out
there that are very much pushy for
consumerism that is a thing I don't
think we necessarily are I think we have
certain content that can maybe push the
line a little bit sure I think stuff
spend five grand on your room
yeah yeah yeah I can see that can maybe
push the line a little bit I don't think
it always does though yeah In fairness
to us I mean that's more driven by that
individual because they pick exactly
what they want other than making sure
there's one product from the the series
sponsor which is AMD right now yeah so
like but I think we also balance it out
quite well by like you know when a phone
comes out we're not like oh my God buy
the new phone it's amazing we're like
you know if you have last generation 's
phone this is probably not worthy of an
upgrade cuz phones aren't moving that
fast right now and you're probably fine
and we we you know I mean look at look
at the most two recent CPU
reviews you're probably
fine you a gamer all right put your
wallet away you can sit this one out
yeah uh yeah I don't know like I don't I
don't think that we just push consume
consume
consume I yeah okay so tell me this one
of the things that this made me think of
was um Taylor
Swift yeah so Taylor Taylor gets a lot
of [__] for her private jet use her jet
travel okay yeah yeah yeah and I think
that there is I personally I I I I don't
fly private um I don't even fly first
class I mean come on look at the size of
my
legs do I need more leg room not really
um so you you know I I kind of look at
private air travel and I'm like um yeah
it doesn't seem great you know the the
the sheer amount of fuel consumption
also like in in in Taylor's defense can
you
imagine Taylor sitting on a normal plane
the attacks genuine attacks that she
would probably be subject to insane she
would probably have to buy like the 10
seat radius around her for her security
anyway so hold on hold on hold on hold
and then she's just going to get chirped
at the whole time what do you mean we're
not on a first name basis gal Fray and
she just only has a first name Mrs Swift
share okay Madonna Taylor she's earned
it okay the point is that so so so one
of the arguments that I see often so so
I have my own thoughts on private travel
I don't feel it's necessary for me in
any kind of security way and and I'm not
I'm not super keen on it I don't think
it's great for the world
um however one of the arguments that I
see made very often about her is oh my
God look at all the private jet travel
she's doing and the many tons of CO2
that she creates compared to the average
person so we're we're recruiting the
swifties to help us against this teacher
no no no that's not that's not my point
my point is that's always something that
has bothered me because I have an
alternate perspective on that if you
think about what someone like Taylor
Swift is doing in her private jet what
is she doing where is she
going usually concert like yeah on tour
places to have concerts you can actually
there's like a Tracker that shows like
you know everywhere she flew and and
there's obviously some stuff that's a
little unnecessary like did she have to
go from overseas to every one of Travis
Kel's you know games last playoffs or
whatever uh I don't know maybe not you
know maybe maybe she could have watched
it on TV I don't know bet you would have
if you could maybe that was an
and that's that's the thing to think
about for yourself but that's a separate
conversation the point is in where is
she going she's probably going on tour
and there's a lot of kind of if you look
at the the travel patterns there's a lot
of kind of like going back and forth to
places uh probably for you know
rehearsal this and transport the
bandmates and Equipment you know
whatever else it is it does a lot of
like fing things around and it's wild to
me that you can just trag private planes
but anyways and so all of that CO2 kind
of gets attributed to Taylor Swift and
it's like look at this number at the
average person but here's an argument
what about the people who attended the
concert do they own a share of those
emissions they're paying for her to go
there they're they're financially asking
her to do that why the is she there she
wouldn't be there if nobody asked her to
be there and paid good money for her to
be there yeah normies it's your fault no
I'm
just yeah you're the reason Cen say
wanting things so is Taylor respond for
all the people who travel to see her in
concert exactly yes am I responsible for
all the people who buy some phone yeah
or some
laptop of course not what
what what do you mean so let's go me and
Taylor you know we're we're we're of a
kind you know you guys are close we're
not actually responsible for the
[__] that people do because they I
don't know think we're cool a lot more
of them think she's cool but I I I was I
was just trying to find a link I was
just trying to find a link I have one
thing in common with Taylor Swift now
your last name starts with us that's
two
dang dang we're getting there now you
just need to release a country album uh
yeah maybe not you don't you don't want
to listen to that be
awful she thinks my processor is sexy
what what are you even reading think my
tractor sexy my tractor the song I don't
know I don't know the song okay yeah
yeah yeah maybe a Christmas album good
you have released an album that's true
you're both singer
[Laughter]
songwriters
twinsies oh man yeah next time you see
her you're just going to be like what up
twin man I I think we talked about this
on W show before but you remember when
the news broke that she was a
billionaire and everyone was like oh my
God Taylor's a billionaire and I was
like surprised and I was sitting here
going
like okay has been for a while yeah like
b b based on what I know about my own
situation and based on the fact that I I
am this and Taylor Swift is this like
I'm
sure yeah uh yeah we're both blonde
let's
go we're getting there oh man this is
turning into to a whole topic what do I
have in common with Taylor's how many
degrees of separation is lion and Taylor
probably like one or two we both got
kind of big
thighs I'm not saying it's a bad thing
I'm just saying we both got him how do
you even know that have you seen the
bodysuit she wears and the arrows to her
no you can tell how big her thighs are I
have not seen the arrows to her yeah
like what what what what Bros
looking caught him dude
lus is myin dude okay so
what what I'm I'm supposed to not notice
it looks pretty
normal yeah she's got
thighs she's tall though ah
yeah comparison limitations okay come on
okay let's move on uh topic number two
what do you want to talk about next
you got nothing I have to log back in so
I got nothing uh Lena KH sure let's talk
about someone who is sexy on the inside
here because dude Lena KH what's
happening absolutely based lot is based
I do I do agree lot is based just just
don't talk about her
thighs that's probably not
appropriate like we're killing dad I'm
Los I'm Los I
just anyways Leon is base trade groups
representing the Telecom industry are
suing to stop the fdc's recently
announced click to cancel rule which we
all want uh which would require all
subscription services to provide a means
of cancelling that is at least as easy
as signup the complaint argues that the
decision is a form of regulatory uh
regulatory overreach that is arbitrary
uh capricious and an abuse of discretion
in other Amic regulatory news AT&T and
T-Mobile have come out against a
proposed FCC rule that would that would
require carriers to unlock phone 60 days
after activation that sounds amazing uh
so they can be switched to another
carrier that's this is see we're
promoting that because it's good for
reuse um according to T-Mobile which
locks prepaid pH phones for a year
customers would be harmed by no longer
having access to free or heavily
subsidized hands
sets Okay uh AT&T which locks phones for
6 months says that the move would create
upward pressure on handset prices so
here Mr High School teacher let me
explain to you our position on this
matter and how it's actually good for
consumption we support this because
heavily subsidized technology products
encourage gratuitous consumption you're
old phone probably works and if the new
phone cost more and by more I don't mean
more I mean if it cost the amount it
actually cost if you were actually not
being expected to do the comp admittedly
complicated math of how much is my
monthly payment versus how much is my
down payment on the device in the first
place how much am I paying for it
overall right if you actually saw the
sticker price of that phone you would be
more likely to keep your old one for
longer and run on a longer upgrade cycle
okay we are supportive of this because
it would expose the true cost of a new
handset to the consumer and probably
reduce the overall sales of new mobile
devices that is a good thing and yeah if
you rely on heavily subsidized phones
then that's a that's a downer but you
can get used ones but here's the thing
if you rely on heavily subsidized phones
you're still paying for them in the
monthly you're paying for them in the
monthly so what this will force is it
will force the carriers to give you the
real cost of the device and then it will
force them to compete on the cost of the
monthly service which will ultimately
drive your total cost of ownership down
this is a good good good good good thing
yeah and because I don't actually give
two shits if you buy more
phones I really
don't I will of course support
this let's go back to that first point
though um trade groups representing the
Telecom industry uh are suing to stop
the recently announced click to cancel
so guys um this is something that if I
know there's kind of a big election
going on in our with our Southern
neighbors what what is that in like good
Lord like 16 days or something like that
um if you if you guys have any way maybe
want the dust settles a little bit of
making your voice heard to your local
representative um click to cancel is
outstanding and should be supported at
every level of government by every
citizen there is literally no one who
should be who should be supportive of
dark patterns and and complicated like
like going in person to cancel gym
memberships and stuff like that like
dude uh so and basically what click to
cancel means is whatever method you use
to sign up you can use the same method
to cancel it but there's there's like
gyms for example that are known for
allowing you to sign up online give all
your payment details and then if you
want to cancel you have to like go in
person and do it so they intentionally
put these obstacles in the way to make
it more difficult for you to cancel and
the gyms specifically want that because
uh a lot of people feel shame about
canceling a gym membership in person um
and a lot of especially like corporate
large multilocation franchise gyms have
gyms all over the place so if you try to
use excuses like oh I'm I'm moving or
whatever they'll just be like oh yeah
that's no problem we'll just transfer
your membership to like the the local
gym in that area um so they they they
try to do a lot of things to make sure
that you feel shame in cancelling your
gym membership uh which is which is icky
gross oh apparently I got the election
day wrong is it not the
11th sorry it's the fifth oh my goodness
it's 10 days away all right so yeah wow
get out there and do your
thing my American friends this this is
now watch this drive sorry um oh my this
is uh this if I remember correctly this
year has like one of the highest
concentrations of worldwide elections
like ever it's kind of crazy yeah I
think BC broke records recently um turn
people are turning out yeah had a weird
one cuz like conservatives haven't been
in power in BC if I remember correctly
in like close to 100 years or something
yeah but conservative party is a little
complicated CH who who it actually is is
like yeah well our Liber are oh my god
did you see Christy Clark F volunteered
herself to run the federal liberals like
I could do it nobody wants you to do
that get out of here literally nobody I
will actually March me too I would I
would do it I would as well like imagine
imagine okay we have we have Justin
Trudeau
very imperfect leader imagine being like
you know what would be
better corruption
Queen are you kidding me oh
man oh man yeah actually actually worse
and I I know I know for for a lot of the
people who only see like International
headlines or like nonsense that their
Uncle posts on Facebook or whatever you
probably can imagine anything worse than
Justin Trudeau yeah he's he's super
imperfect I'll put it that way um
there's levels of self-dealing and
Corruption he he he is only but an
acolyte corruption you know that you
know that Meme like I'll do it again
feel like she's
like but on a national
scale dude the you thought I did a lot
with a province what about the country
uh I should see if I can um I should see
if I can find the article because it's
so
bad uh here we go hold on was this was
this CTV News article as he as Justin
Trudeau faces growing
pressure
um oh yeah oh this this is amazing okay
this article is so bad uh Clark as BC
Premier between blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah um who appear Clark who
appears on a weekly as a weekly panelist
on ctv's Power Play Oh couldn't help
noticing that that's um the publication
I'm reading also released a separate
statement on X and called for Unity
within the party to fight conservative
leader her comments come ahead of a
highly anticipated Caucus meeting blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah okay emerged etc etc oh wait no is
this not the right one yeah what are we
looking for hold on oh no I was looking
for one that like basically was it
basically talked about what she's been
up to since she uh since she retired and
no this isn't the one no no no I take it
back CTV you're doing good uh go ahead
and uh and do your do a quick merch
message or something
there yeah sure I got a couple for you
here
already with the oh no hold on you got
to explain what it is and do your
updates no l can do it all right uh if
you go to LTT store.com if you add
something to your cart like potentially
a tech bro vest that we will talk about
a little bit later you go and view the
cart in the cart you'll be able to see
this merch messages box if you check the
box saying I would like my purchase to
appear as a merch message on the LTT
stream it's called stream not wow
because it's for the various streams
that we do you can go in here and leave
a message for the show at which point it
will be curated by uh by Dan to either
be responded to by Dan as you'll
probably see down here um as a response
to to this one uh or if you say super
bad things that aren't allowed to show
up on stream because you included bad
words we'll ye it or it'll be curated by
Dan for for lonus or myself to
answer sure let's see is that normally
what he says something like that I think
he's a little worse at it but okay I'm
listening oh crap he's still here um
let's see with the mention of the chair
partner laptop partner and dbrand and
Pia during dark the number of ads in
when show technically doubled do you
have an internal limit or policy on how
much is too
much I think we need four times as
much uh I don't think we technically do
I think over the course of a show that
often goes for like four hours I think a
very small amount of mentions at the
beginning of the show and then three not
very long mentions in the middle of the
show is really not a big deal personally
agree with this merch message too many
sponsor uh someone said in flow play
chat um it when people consider the
merch messages section at the end of the
show to
be a sponsor section then I can
understand
that um I also have have heard some
people's comments about the banner at
the bottom being too busy and I think I
can sometimes maybe agree but these
types of things take tuning we'll figure
it out yeah yeah I'd say so uh what else
I got maybe there's something here for
Luke think I remember
one all right one moment I know I got
one here for Luke um hey when my
favorite flavor of dll pickles question
for L hold on I've got it uhoh um never
mind you L you get
nothing yeah okay this is this is crazy
okay here we go here we go so
cbc.ca GH Clark's political history
Clark has been taking French lessons for
several months according to a source
close to her that's not a political
history that's pandering nonsense the
former Premier has already made two
trips to the se de jier in Quebec and
plans to return there in the coming
months to improve her French skills okay
that's just the same thing that you just
said okay here we go she has launched a
Tik Tok account in the last month what
are you are you going to like are you
going to get to this at some point
that's good I I want my you know or is
this just going to be puffery a word
that we all learned recently I want my
prime minister to have a Tik Tok account
if they don't I'm not voting for in the
most recent post she encouraged British
Colombians to vote okay where are we
going to get to the history every
politician on the planet has done that
ah yes during her six years as Premier
she built a reputation as an
environmentally conscious fiscally
prudent liberal wait how do you Champion
the Mining and oil Industries while
being environmentally conscious okay
sure she resigned in
2017 she resigned nothing she got booted
the [__] out it was a historical defeat
historical sorry let's continue she
resigned in 2017 when her minority
government was defeated by an NDP
confidence motion no no no no no no no
what happened was We the People sent you
[__] packing is what happened sorry
sorry sorry um the new Democrats then
took over the provin province with the
support of the green party her departure
from politics left the BC Liberal Party
in disarray no no no no no no no no no
no no again the party died her
leadership left the party in disarray
unable to win an election that's what
actually happened to the point where it
it died yes like it it it it's it's gone
in April 2023 it officially rebranded
and became BC United until it dissolved
all together on the eve of the most
recent election campaign yeah like they
weren't a part of this election oh man
uh okay anyway during the conservative
leadership
for okay she's a regular Federal
politics commentator on several English
language net uh television and radio
networks including CTV CBC and Global
she also works as a guest speaker across
Canada that right there is all you need
to know about how someone's career ended
in politics
you went from leading one of the you
know major regions of a country to being
a guest speaker on like ancient Legacy
Media nonsense she has a Tik Tok good
yeah which she just
launched
please anyway so um
yeah cool merch message by the way I'm
going to take these off they were kind
of for my my look with the tech bro vest
but they're prescription and my eyes are
tired now yeah yeah yeah all right hit
me um I've got a new baby and cargo
Pockets have come in clutch excited to
try the pants at what age did you let
your kids start using screens also
thoughts on all the smart baby devices
out there uh I let them start pretty
young because I like to sleep in um we
were a lot more controlling about what
kind of content they watched in the
early days now we've relaxed things a
little bit so they they allocate screen
time they're older now though yes but I
just mean from the first to the third we
just we we just were like we can't yeah
um but we we allocate screen time based
on time they spend doing other things so
if they practice piano for uh 20 minutes
then they can earn 20 minutes of screen
time question for you yes do you ever
worry about having things like screen
time be a reward
Vector creating an un kind of an
unnatural sort of um desire for it and
almost making it more addtive when they
no longer have the parental rules and
they move out then you know do you ever
worry about so that's yvon's Ivonne
worries about that more than I do
because she was a TV on all the time
household the TV was like the fireplace
in their household it was just always on
it was the it was the the light and
sound that you know was just in the
living room that people kind of gathered
around and she had and has no problem
like sitting and doing homework in front
of the TV while while a show is on um
and Meanwhile my family was the polar
opposite screens could not even be
turned on until after dinner time and
even then the time allocation to them
was was tightly controlled and in both
cases households that have gone her way
and households that have gone my way
I've seen Kids come out of those same
households both ways yeah so I don't
know is what it is it might just kind of
be what it is some people have a very
addictive personality some people don't
um I think generally
philosophically
um I am in favor of building good habits
yeah and uh building the habit of doing
something productive with your time
rather than you know vegetating at every
possible opportunity I feel like it
makes sense I was just wondering like
yeah like had it been thought about but
something that Ivon and I have talked
about and actually have done I think a
couple times is having um like structure
holidays so you just you have okay we're
we're off this week and uh you know it's
it's we're on vacation and you can have
as much screen time as you want you
could stare at your computer your phone
your laptop whatever the TV we don't
care um get it out of your system for a
bit and then you know when we're back to
school next week it's it's back to the
so I don't know
there's already I was a screen on kid
and now I'm chronically
online yeah there you go yeah but I mean
he made a career out of it he's got
100,000 subscribers on his channel oh
really yeah you didn't know that no yeah
already has a channel that's pretty sick
um what was I going to say I think the
the incredibly hyper addictive nature of
things like Tik Tok is a little bit
different of an arena than
the on okay Instagram YouTube Shorts
Facebook YouTube shorts um the one watch
it watched too much YouTube for a bit
not shorts
he was mostly into like Minecraft Let's
Plays and stuff like that yeah um but
we've we've talked to him about that
recently we've kind of cut down on that
um so those some of those like hyper
addictive like Doom scrolly ones we
basically are like no
yeah but yeah at some point they're
going to have to figure it out you're
right it's weird it's it's that's
the when talking about kids right now
there's like I mean there's all those
conversations around Coco melon and how
just like bra brain destroying Coco
melon is is cocomelon bad I I don't even
know COC Melon really as far as my
understanding it goes COC melon is
specifically designed
to just crank screen time oh and it's
like actually very brain Rotty for kids
oh interesting I don't know much about
it my kids I think missed the Coco melon
window I don't want to say too much
stuff cuz I I'm not I don't have a kids
I'm not super well read up on this but
yeah people are saying Bluey good as as
far as my understanding goes blue is
pretty good there's that teacher that
former teacher yeah yeah she's supposed
to be really good Miss Rachel or
whatever she's supposed to be really
good Coco melon apparently there's like
measured decreases in like development
from COC yeah oh wow okay it's really
bad yeah but again I don't don't don't
take my word on that I'm not super well
read up on this I just I've dude I came
across an interesting topic to I came
across another like family Vlog Channel
L that's like exploding they're doing
like 300 400 million views a month or
something like that and it's pretty much
all shorts of these two little girls
like acting out skits like you know uh
there's one where she rides a scooter in
the house and like pretends to fall over
and it's like Don't Ride Scooters in the
house and it's supposed to be like a
good lesson or whatever but I'm just I'm
just looking at it going like okay how
much are these kids getting paid like
family vlogging is actually a terrible
terrible thing and needs to go away like
immediately like
legislatively yeah
yeah yeah I just make my kids only watch
LT sure oh boy oh man
okay oh we have some announcements well
let's do some announcements shall
we LTT store.com secret shopper is now
live
whoa right now on float plan
hold on the general audience will get it
next week but let's watch a bit of the
intro I love this
thumbnail that is pretty great audio
yeah did you know that they make them
with just the glasses and the mustache
that's my real nose see look I guarantee
you can't tell the difference oh my
goodness me wearing a fake big nose
really does feel unnecessary
though is that working I can't hear
anything wait you've got audio playing
that's the whole video are we am I
supposed to be playing the whole video
yeah what I thought it was supposed to
be a clip yeah what am I supposed to be
doing here Dan what's going on I don't
know I don't write this let's watch a
bit of the says okay sure yeah we can
watch a bit of the intro sure okay is it
working yeah I want audio we need
audio oh oh I have other stuff playing
well there's your problem right there
yeah all right I got it I got it I got
you I'm picking up what you're throwing
down Mr Dan okay we good I think so okay
guys this this was one of the biggest
risks I think we've ever taken and I I
understand I understand how you could
look at the premise and think oh they
shopped at their own store they're just
going to make sure it goes well but as
you're about to see we intentionally
built this in a way that forced us to be
held accountable regardless of the
outcome and so uh yeah here it
comes we can't hear it because we have
to do series and have all their worst
problems brought to light but after
today I won't have to imagine it and
neither will Nick because I paid five of
you to secret shop our store and I'm
sitting with the Creator Warehouse head
of product Nick light to enjoy the
results
firsthand Nick looks genuinely
uncomfortable oh Nick I say he didn't
know really all he knew was that he was
going to help co-host a video so he sat
down he found out when I said that holy
crap you know how much I value genuine
genuine reactions on camera you know the
lengths that I will go to the the number
of times that people are like fake fake
fake you're just actually [__] idiots
like I care so much about capturing real
reactions we're in our mid-30s I've
known Nick since we were in grade eight
he was very
uncomfortable oh yeah
oh
yeah oh man enjoy because I got a sneak
peek and it's not all sunshine and
rainbows unlike this segue to our
sponsor this is a star did it not go I'm
so incredibly curious now I'm almost
like annoyed that we have to keep doing
W show I want to go watch it well there
is one way to do so you will just have
to subscribe to float
plane dude don't be upset this is float
plane you should be I want to go watch
it right now I know I know lm. g/ flat
plane while you're there you can pick up
an FP exclusive dinosur shirt uhhuh
designed by the one by the way it's a
little bit confusing cuz when you go
through our our t-shirt section all of
the shirts are depicted with their front
and then this one is depicted with the
back so the float plane logo is on the
front the dinosaur plane thing designed
by the one and only Sarah but all right
which I think was the right choice it's
just confusing there's a couple of other
quick things for us to announce uh we
have a correction in our video on buying
every Tech ad we saw for a month we
demonstrated one product the birdie
personal CO2 alarm incorrectly
specifically the wall mount was not
installed and it doesn't work unless
it's attached to the wall mount so we
removed that section from the original
video to avoid misrepresenting the
product we have reconducted our original
test with the wall mount attached and
released a YouTube short showing it
activating it's still um a product that
you probably shouldn't buy because it's
$200 for a CO2 detector it doesn't have
any kind of like screen on it or logging
or anything um it doesn't detect any
other potentially
harmful uh gases uh there's like way
better value options that are way more
effective and and do yeah work way
better but anyway um yeah it it
definitely does what it says it does so
yeah good for them uh okay oh also it's
folding month folding month begins
November 1st and the lmg community is
once again participating if you'd like
to sign up there's a post with
information on the Forum which Dan is
going to post for you guys in all the
various chats as a company we're also
contributing $200 LT store gift cards
for prizes signups close next Monday so
please join the team finally let's talk
about AI crypto and biohacking yeah does
it does it look like we want to talk
about those things it should because
we're wearing the new tech bro vest from
LT store something something Dogecoin
it's insulated with the same 3D down
that you would find on our old 3D down
jacket meaning that it is surprisingly
warm for how light the vest actually is
it's also made of a water resistant
material and has a soft tricot knit back
which is quite comfy and it's designed
to be able to be worn in the office over
a button-up or pulse po like many Tech
Bros do so you can dress it down
casually you can lay it on top of a
t-shirt hoodie or sweater it's totally
up to you it is kind of outer wear
though because of you know the material
it's made of the same w at 4:30 a.m.
made of the same stuff as our 3D down
jacket thank you for that um and like
most of our outerwear it's loaded with
YKK zippered Pockets so you can always
have your Essentials on hand task base
AI is the future available now at lm.
g/ bro so here's
Nate actually wears one of these vests
every day so this was like the most
appropriate possible model for us to
have
here it looks quite natural actually
he's got his
airpods oh just okay I'm sorry knowing
Nate this picture is way funnier than if
you don't know Nate uh he's working on
an Electronics engineering project for
us that um is very very exciting and he
100% wears a vest and uh 100% would look
exactly like that um anyway oh my God
they definitely picked they definitely
picked the best people to model this
there's Sean from the INF for team dude
right though yeah it's the tech bro vest
H the reason it's not cheap is because
it's like really nice 3D down it's it's
basically our 3D down jacket without a
sleeves without the sleeves yeah so
there you go nothing says disruptive
innovation like the tech bro vest oh my
God okay the the team working on the
copy has actually gotten really really
funny over the last little bit I love
it nice nice got the off-site lap talk
bag airpods that's what a guy whose
company was just reviewed looks like
yeah all right cool all right what else
we what else we got going on Dan what
are we doing I think do a topic let's do
a topic shall
we Nvidia to ship one billion risk five
cores this year Nvidia gave a keynote
speech at the risk Summit with the
speaker estimating that the company
expects to ship about a billion risk 5
cores across its gpus CPUs s so and
other products slides of the talk were
shared on Twitter by Nick Brown senior
research fellow at University of
edinburgh's EPCC super Computing Center
the company has been switching from its
proprietary microcontrollers to ones
that are built on the open- source Isa
since at least 2015 and have now
revealed that they have fully phased out
their former falcon microcontrol ER in
favor of custom risk 5 cores sick all
told there are 10 to 40 of the cores on
every Nvidia chip depending on the
Chip's complexity the company has
developed at least three risk 5
microcontroller cores and more than 20
custom risk 5 extensions Nvidia gpus
have apparently had risk 5 GPU system
processors since touring really I didn't
know that this is super cool is cool
because Nvidia has talked a lot about
all of the you know the monitoring that
they do and the load balancing and all
all the all the cool stuff that they're
doing on their GPU dies but they haven't
said that they're using risk 5 at least
not way back then I didn't know I didn't
know risk five somebody
knew risk five is
freaking everywhere yeah it's really
exciting and especially if you look at
the uh at the way that the relationship
between arm and at least one of their
partners
going right now dude it is it is not a
good time for arm to show any kind of
any kind of weakness it's a good time
for arm to be super super magnanimous
and easy to work with because risk 5 has
no licensing fees no licensing
fees I'm excited I am really excited
about a risk 5 future I've still I've
still been dailying my uh my Snapdragon
Windows laptop ever since the challenge
ended I just I don't know but they they
took the AMD framework that I built on
short circuit uh because they needed it
for something and then they like
apparently needed it for something for a
while so I've just been using my
Snapdragon and I have the occasional
issue with it but overall I'm I'm blown
away at how usable it is and seeing
seeing translation layers work to run
programs and seeing the kinds of
Investments that major companies like
Nvidia are making into risk 5 and making
it better making it
viable I'm pretty
hopeful risk it's a good sign yeah
having a big company behind a project
like that um can sometimes be scary but
often gives it gives it long-term legs
that just being open- sourcy doesn't
even though I'm saying that about a
project that has existed for a very long
time you like need industry consortiums
to kind of get together and say okay
okay this is open source and like it's
super cool but how are we going to how
are we going to push it Forward yeah you
need cooperation yeah that's
good is gr space going private sure why
don't you talk about that Pera
perra something a private Equity Firm
has purchased all available common stock
for Squarespace meaning that Squarespace
is no longer a publicly traded company
Squarespace went public three years ago
in 2021 and yo-yo a fair amount after
that it reached a market cap of 8
billion two billion less than the
company's Peak private valuation in 2022
its market cap fell off a cliff hitting
$2 billion which while still a lot of
money is significantly less than 10 uh
before gradually returning to $5 billion
profess which again is quite a swing $3
billion is kind of a lot uh and then uh
premier's purchase is worth a combined
total of $7.2 billion likely indicating
a degree of confidence that this rebound
wasn't accidental uh it's unclear what
if anything will change for Squarespace
clients and my dyslexia read that as
SpongeBob at first um our discussion
question is I have no idea what lonus
was going for when he sent this story
does this affect our company
somehow well Squarespace has been one of
our longest running partners are they no
not quite close to the longest but not
the longest yeah they they go way back
with LT and I guess all I'm trying to
say is
Premier please don't screw it
up okay you've also got a lot on your
hands now because of the whole domains
thing yeah there's a lot of people that
scrambled to leave when domains went
from Google domains to Squarespace and
then now there's a lot of people
scrambling to leave that domains are
going from Squarespace to Squarespace
still but public to private um people
are looking for Alternatives it's a
thing yeah so um you know just don't
bung it up please yeah we like working
with Squarespace we like using the
product let a good thing be a good thing
why don't you be why don't you be the
smart private Equity Firm uh C Catos or
cat talk oh I think I just realized that
cat has another te in it I don't think I
ever registered that before but okay um
a lot of people can't go to cloudflare
because cloudflare doesn't actually
support that many domains like
cloudflare doesn't support doca oh okay
yeah that's a problem for Canadians yeah
so we can't just have cloudflare
right so we have to use something else
and previously we did use Google domains
right and now obviously we don't and we
don't use square space domains either oh
we used like GoDaddy way back in the day
well you did yeah I
know we don't use it at all anymore yeah
no I
know oh man I don't remember the name
off top of my head what's the do you
know the name Dan of the new thing we
use forc domains I don't whatever
danrick said it was
good if only she was good at
racing she was pretty good oh you know
what speaking of Lady race drivers you
know who I would love to see uh tackle
that unless unless she's already done it
and I missed it I'd love to see Michelle
ki do
it just
no I don't know I don't believe you it
started with it was like gra or
something it's going to bother me
now what are you talking about what are
you guys even trying to figure out right
now the domain uh thing oh yeah the
domain thing what are you guys even
talking about the regist we use a
different regist now well yeah but we're
not going to like tell people what we
use anyway are we I mean we tell people
that we use cloud flare for like almost
everything which is way bigger Honeypot
than this would be that's not what a
Honeypot is okay fair got him could be
Hy okay why don't we just KN I don't
think we found it I can knot if you want
but it's also like pretty easy to figure
out yeah that's fine I just mean why are
we drawing attention to this fair enough
you know better it's it's
fine oh my God Luc is now the security
risk sure oh dude dude the Hat has been
transferred I put the vest on I
immediately became a security
RK I'm to get out of this
stuck short
LT uh
okay oh
no what oh thanks now I don't have now I
don't have to look it up I appreciate
that
nothing you can't have inside jokes on a
podcast you guys a AJ just said it full
in chat
oh man all right the show is brought to
you by jump Cloud I know it's yeah
someone's like it's public info I know
it is you can just look it up I just
mean we I just mean normally we just
don't talk about it at all we just don't
bring it up maybe maybe we need jump
Cloud to help with our it we don't know
what we're
doing yes you can who is a domain I know
I just oh my God logus isn't wrong he's
not wrong it's just it's just very funny
do we have to use multiple cuz some of
them don't have like Canadian domains I
don't even know you know what no no
forget it no I'm no I'm I'm just going
to make it worse you know you could
probably you could probably figure out
what data center were hosted in pretty
easily I mean we've said that a bunch of
times too you can also yeah we but we go
out of our way not to talk about it that
much that is true and I don't say all of
them there now you're basically just
asking them to figure it out yeah yeah
see yeah you like this yeah now now
doesn't like the other side of this
coin oh apparently AJ's stream was
delayed he wasn't there
yet all right I don't actually really
believe him because our stream delay is
really short but yeah well he might have
been no he might have been rewound nope
okay it's not on Flo plan no no DVR oh
yeah but he might have the player open
in the chat and yeah he has that
technology he's pretty smart AJ yeah
yeah yeah yep when it comes to
security
yeah all right our address is
18643 what is this external ip2 Avenue
127.0.0.1
one pops up all right that's me and uh
that's what I would look like if I
joined Scooby in the gang uh but if who
you're going to call is Jump Cloud
you'll get your own it Ghostbuster Squad
zapping problems before they even appear
jump cloud is an open directory platform
that centralizes your entire Tech stack
from user identities to device
management access imagine managing
Windows Apple Linux and Android devices
from one place all while working
securely from anywhere my mother's made
the name is Smith
upgrade your outdated active
dor this is great sorry D go ahead
upgraded your outdate upgrade your
outdated active directory with jump
Cloud's cloud-based solution and leave
administrative headaches behind and they
don't just make life easier for your
team they also keep your data safe with
strong security features like Hardware
back authentication and biometric logins
jumpcloud is it simplified try it out
for yourself at the link in the video
description the show is all brought to
you by Fallout 76 are you busy this
weekend if not you will be because you
can play Fallout 76 for free from now
until the 29th on PC Xbox and
Playstation most of you probably already
know about Fallout 76 but for everyone
else it's an online game where you and
your friends explore a post-apoc
apocalyptic world fight monsters and
rebuild after a nuclear war it's all
about surviving and having fun in the
Wasteland together the game's always
getting fresh updates like the skyline
Valley expansion earlier this year with
tons of new content to keep things
interesting so don't miss out on the
Fallout Day free play event we will have
that Linked In the video
description finally the show is brought
to you by flexispot don't you hate when
your desk wobbles like a shopping cart
while you're
gaming wow um well say goodbye to
instability with our sponsor flexispot
their E7 plus standing desk can support
up to 540 lb static and 440 lb while
lifting even if you were to jump off it
for whatever reason the desk stays Rock
Sol okay yeah okay yeah thankfully no
one here was doing that the desk stays
Rock Solid thanks to its four sturdy
legs that's an innovation four legs huh
who the funk it with its oh right
because a lot of standing desks don't
have that okay with its patented frame
design the E7 plus easily adapts to
monitor mounts under desk drawers and
keyboard trays they've also got the C7
ergonomic office chair which features a
roomy adjustable seat and tons of
customization you can adjust the
headrest armrests height and you can
recline to fit your comfort plus it
comes with a 30-day return policy and
10-year warranty right now flexi spot is
having a sale and you can get an extra
discount on the Ergo chair with a desk
purchase click the link in the
description and use our promo code Linus
50 for $50 off the E7 plus C7 and C7 Max
chairs all right all right let's get
some merch messages in here sure let's
do that uh here's the pickle guys back
back hey when my favorite flavor of dlll
pickles question for Luke hell divers 2
recently concluded its 63-day promise to
improve the game have you had a chance
to check it out yet feel it's way for
fun no
no no I probably won't I definitely
won't you don't even own it well yeah
but like whatever buy a game if I feel
like
it just mean I'm not going to like I'm
so far about dude Pi up a new game these
days when you you're not familiar with
the meta there's like there's so much
there's so much depth to it mmax the
death out of everything and I'm just I'm
just kind of
like if I don't if I don't have like 25
hours to noif it in the first week or
two realistically I think I'm always
just going to feel kind of behind um and
I'm just I don't have time I mean it is
a PVE game sure so like but I don't have
a crew to carry me you could
let's do some P what do you mean I could
I mean I hav played like months I could
carry you I'm
sure
wow wow Chad move here we also have a
bunch of people at the office that play
I'm sure we could like pull people out
of the wood yeah but if I'm going to if
I'm going to like pull people to game at
night we're going to like left for dead
yeah exactly or play tape to tape yeah
we'll play something that tape cocky
much it's not that it's just like the G
not actually really like that hard I'm
I'm not trying to like flame people
Jo and I the game's not actually hard
I'm not trying to Flame people really do
go on Joe and I used to do the hardest
difficulty as a Duo instead of a four
stack and it was fine but I'm not trying
to Flame anybody this guy's a gamer wow
the game's super easy if you're bad
actual skill issue if only he was as
good at Super checks as he is at Hell
divers too wow literally stopped playing
cuz he was tired of getting his monkey
spanked that's not true
my monkey
spank oh my goodness who's yeah who why
why why are we playing you okay so I
have to do bird meds tonight yeah but
then afterwards you invited me to play
pool yeah let's play pool since we we is
it the vest what no I caught a pool
table why yeah why are you going to move
super checks there I was thinking that
yeah yeah just move it to smash CHS
nobody uses it here yeah yeah yeah so
we'll just have super checks I was think
I want to get a pinball machine dude
what a flipping Rabbit Hole pinball
machines they can they can cost as much
as a new car if it's like the like a
good one it's like the Pirates of the
Caribbean you know special edition or
whatever or they can be like flipping
cheap they can be like just a couple
Grand even though they're like
supposedly fully functional there's all
kinds of modifications people will do on
them they'll put like you know more
transparent glass on them and they'll
they'll do all kinds of like mods and
stuff and like ex expand the sound
effects and make it play different music
there's like the the depth of pinball
machines I'm looking at it going like I
would need a consultant before I would
be able to confidently buy a pinball
machine buy a Stern one yeah but I don't
want it to depreciate three grand the
second I bring it home like I I'd want
to like pick a like a good one or
something like I don't know I used Stern
one it's freaking wild dude it's
wild what ice weasel weasel says lonus
jumping into other Hobbies than
complaining about how people who love
their Hobbies pay more for stuff they
want is hilarious that's not what I'm
even talking
about not even remotely what I'm talking
about I'm talking about how it's a
rabbit hole what a crazy take and it's
something that I don't I don't
understand well I don't know what the
value of the different things is and it
seems like I couldn't possibly hope to
why is Pirates of the Caribbean worth
more than Captain America I don't know
yo there's I have no idea there's a
$116,000 Adams Family pinball machine
yeah dude I didn't even I didn't even
look at brand new like I I was just
looking at this this is refurbished this
is 1992 refurbished the pinball company
okay I wasn't even looking at retailers
so there's uh I want to say pin heads or
something like that there's like a
community that has a buy sell trade and
then I was looking at Facebook
Marketplace as well and just the range
like they go from two grand to $20,000
and these are secondhand machines so
they're all
secondhand and like they everyone will
list like how many hours it has on it or
whatever but I don't know if there's a
way to fake that like we found out
during the Mighty Car Mods video that um
ploofs um pl's car had been odometer
swapped oh really yeah so it had like
markings from an auto wrecker on it once
they pulled it out that were like low
kilometers didn't come from that car
that sure as heck wasn't written on at
the factory so like I don't know can you
odometer swap a pin bulb I don't
know freaking no one makes them anym
they're all vintage no that's not true
that's totally not true Stern I've said
it like a bunch of times yeah you can
definitely still buy brand new machines
but I'm not really like a brand new
machine kind of guy you know like I
bought a used super checks machine
because I know that I can turn around
and like and that I kind of I at least
like played the game and there's only
like a couple of variants so I was able
to I read like this 400 page uh super
checks owners owner thread on uh like
some pinball Forum of some of some kind
some arcade game forum so like I'm I'm
I'm pretty versed in that but there's
like four variants of the game
Pinball it's endless and they've been
around since like the 80s or whatever so
they can be like I'm you know there's
like a I'm sure there's like a valley of
vintageness you know like if they're
like old they're just old but if they're
really old they're vintage especially if
they're still working I I I'm just
saying I don't understand it um but I I
yeah I just I want one for the lounge
basically for the for the members Lounge
at the Badminton Club
yeah okay let's see hey wple I was
eyeing those cargo pants but as an extra
short boy 24 inseam I had to hold off oh
Pinball's apparently much older than the
80s okay well there you go shows you
what I know
ancient cool couple questions are they
hamable are there plans for a short
version how are the
sales uh Unfortunately they are not
easily Hemm and right now we don't have
plans for a shorter inseam sales have
been pretty solid though I think this is
our first really successful pant oh yeah
I think you like shorts oh
shorts no no no no yeah no no no smaller
inseam uh
um oh sorry yep good
cool someone didn't save a file to the
server and it screwed things up like it
always does never save a file to your
local machine didn't you fix
that uh no I fixed a different issue I
fixed an issue where a file was deleted
off of the server over a week ago and we
had to recover it ooh from a cloud ooh
we got it good job nice bad nice scary
good job guys may I ask what the file
was um it was
a it was a Flo plane
exclusive what was it uh denoised
version and was it like the whole folder
I think it was a folder with a whole
bunch of the Deno stuff I have no idea
I'm not super up on all of the different
types of working copies that we have we
got it yeah okay great cuz we only have
3 days of onsite
replication so it gets really messed up
got
it uh okay so we did that one last one I
got for you he
D.W could we get a feature to buy items
not in stock there is always an item out
of stock when I want to order rather
wait a long time than to pay postage
twice thanks for everything no
sorry Inventory management is really
hard and I could go on a really really
really long thing about why that would
make it way harder um but I think it's
pretty boring for everyone else the
short answer is no it's really hard um
and the odds that some other item would
accidentally go out of stock while we
got the other item in stock uh would be
really high and it would mean that we'd
have all these orders like cued that we
would either take your money for and
then um what wait when did we deliver it
did the order get placed now or is it
when we've fulfilled it and then the
return window tracking and then the
accounting complication of when the
order was actually placed is that when
the money came or is that when we
ordered the thing and we sent it out
there's it actually does add a lot of
complication and we're just not going to
do that uh what we are going to do is
we're going to manage our inventory
better so that the site isn't like half
out of stock it ghost down that's what
focused on how often do you have how
often do you have reviews that say
they're going to purchase 5 to 10 more
of the thing that they I don't know but
what is that for oh only the best thing
in the world oh jeez yes yes yes we're
going to make more five to 10 is not
enough I want to buy 5 to 10 more can
you sell them in like 20 packs they
don't they don't exist can I have bulk
bulk packs I would buy them in bulk
especially if they're not going to be
uh have any printing on them wow these
are getting really good reviews all
right well I'm just I'm just glad you
guys like them all right the tall shirts
so good as far as mying goes they are
currently Perfect reviews thank you
don't don't tempt them we love you
that's true I still remember when I had
that video that had zero dislikes for
like years and then I mentioned on W
show it just got bombed yeah it's like
you buts that's what happens and these
are the guys that like us
yeah H questionable there's there's
people that hate watch this is this is
actually something I have encountered
like I I have encountered
that are like this long about how awful
I am and how you're barely more
tolerable than me it as well they'll be
referring to something that we talk
about like three and a half hours into
like some Marathon ass W show and with
all the context of like everything we
said before it and I'm sitting here
going you know you can change the
channel it's an option we do have the
technology oh man oh man all right
all right what are we even supposed to
be doing Dan I we got a few more topics
we only got about dud this week 45
minutes left this week has been insane
okay I didn't even realize I didn't even
realize when I sat down to do W show
today how insane this week had been I
was sitting here going like oh man I'm
really tired this week like I'm kind of
glad it's going to be a bit of a shorter
show CU I I just like I don't have the
energy for it and I was like man what
what did we get up to this week like
yeah there's the Mighty Car Mods shoot
we had uh we had like a I don't know a
bunch of other shoots I reviewed a lot
of scripts and videos and
like dude I went to
equinix equinix
yeah what's that so
they build themselves as the biggest
tech company nobody ever heard of which
you've heard that line you've heard that
line before right yeah they may actually
be right they might actually be the ones
yeah I know of Equinox not equinex how
do you even spell
it uh here e q UI
NX n iix okay
yeah data center company and Enterprise
Network Technologies no I this you would
think this would be something that I've
heard of you would think so but these
guys operate at a completely different
level they don't give two flying leading
companies choose Google Cloud azour AWS
Netflix Zoom okay they give two flying
boogers float plane okay we we are we
are just a sh stain on the back of their
heel because they walked through the I
don't know bougie park next to their
Penthouse they live in like we we don't
matter to these guys um wow I mean I
shouldn't say that because they did
sponsor the video and uh so it's so we
did a tour
dude um this place was flipping wild um
and the reason the reason they actually
showed up on my radar was because I
found out that they were planning to use
the deep lake cooling system in Lake
Ontario to cool a data center sick and I
was like that's neat I don't know who
these guys are but let's go let's get in
touch look at the partner list uh y okay
okay okay oh boy AB absolutely is there
a large technology company in the
Fortune 500 well absolutely all of them
chatted out chatted out partner list and
what was cool about it was they went
full open kimono like they literally
they literally showed me a room that if
I walked any further into it and was
caught on the motion sensors and
cameras there would be there would have
to be a report to the SEC
that someone was in the
room but you're allowed to like look
into I was allowed to look into the room
we got a shot we got a shot of the room
that's pretty cool okay you know how
when we do tours of factories and
facilities and stuff there's always like
no no filming signs
everywhere right yeah they didn't have a
single one you know why because nobody
would be [__] in there if they had a
camera that's one way to do it they
built this building custom okay they
built it so the foundation was feet
above ground level you know
why flooding because the city wouldn't
let them put ballards and truck Stoppers
around it because they're
unattractive so they made it built it on
a platform so if you ram the building
you will literally hit theing
Foundation
okay that's that is a solution custom
building
that's the way they did it these guys
are absolutely insane okay so on the
roof on the roof okay so you know the
speed of light right it's as fast as
stuff can go but the speed of light's
not fixed okay Logitech demoed this
years ago when they showed their light
speeed wireless dongle actually
outperforming a cable because the speed
of light through an optical fiber or any
medium through through any medium is
variable so through an optical fiber we
we approximate that the speed of light
is about 2/3 of the speed of light in a
vacuum but in air it's very close to the
speed of light in a vacuum it's
like9 97 or something I I can't remember
what it is the point is it's it's a lot
more than 2/3 so get this on the
roof they have microwave
dishes that are pointed at the
TSX and toward New York Toronto Stock
Exchange where the other where the other
oh yeah sorry where where there are
other exchanges so that they have the
lowest possible latency link because
light through a fiber optic cable is not
fast
enough that's pretty
wild dude I saw a cage
there that not only had all four sides
closed not only had visibility block
lockers installed in the cage not only
had the fifth ceiling chain link
installed on the top okay because cuz
some companies will have regulations for
particular data or particular operations
that you have to have six sides
essentially on the cage that can contain
not only did it have all of that it had
touch sensors in the chain link oh if
you so much as Le the chain if you so
much as lean on their cage the head of
security
for equinix gets a call and that will
not be a good call
no that's so sick dude this place was
wild and they showed us everything
absolutely everything nothing that they
were not legally allowed to show us they
showed us everything equinex nothing
from their customers that they weren't
allowed to show us but like they had
they had an empty cage so I was able to
go in and like show how the cold AIS and
hot aisle separation works and like I
held a temperature sensor and you could
see it like open up the thing and like d
pull on me so we were able to do really
cool demos because they really did let
us
in um it's going to be probably one of
the coolest videos we have ever done do
not miss it this is like no actually for
real a data center like like of the
highest of the highest tier like your
bank and your ISP and the cloud services
that you use hey your bank has that this
is where they are that old Windows 98
system sitting in the corner so the room
the room that you have to file an SEC
report passw are stored if anyone so
much as goes into it and approaches the
rack any guesses as to what's in
there the SEC is involved so you know it
has to do with exchanges and trading I
I'll tell you that
much I'm not even going to know like the
the names of different things but I'm
assuming it's the trading computers nope
no computers no computer
there's no computers cuz cuz they would
all have their own cages they would have
their own least space and everything
they would yeah they'd be caged off wait
I thought you this was did I miss
something I thought this was no it's a
room oh okay it's a room it's just
there's a room on the floor and there's
no computers in the room no there's they
don't need computers in there they don't
need any computers for that what I have
no idea at a data center a room with no
computers that if anyone goes into the
SEC has to be
told records of some kind no no no
record
networking would you not consider that
computers kind of no gear though yeah no
gear
what spools of fiber optic cable and the
SEC has to be oh the uh the I've heard
of this it's the one that keeps all of
the trading platforms fair so you can't
have shorter links everybody has to have
the same length of cable I saw um a
video of somebody had one in their
building and it was this giant spool and
it goes from the switch to like another
switch and it's just 30 kilometers of so
someone's office you can't away they
would have less spools in their room cuz
like Nan seconds matter in trading oh
that's sick I'm so excited for this fig
out like the furthest you could be and
then everyone has to have that much that
length of a fiber optic link oh man
Isn't that cool that's I feel like I've
heard of this before but just completely
forgot someone said Tom Scott made a
video on this I probably watched that
it's probably old and I probably forgot
about it since then that's wild yeah
very cool so these aren't like kilometer
long spools here these are just uh to uh
for fairness within this data center
floor okay so different companies that
are using this data center and then they
have they have to like that service that
equinex offers for the like the fair
linkage and that's something that like
from a regulatory standpoint they they
have to subscribe to yeah then Equinox
themselves probably have a bigger one
that also does the building I'm assuming
uh probably yeah yeah um actually I
don't know because it's going to depend
on the setup like it's going to depend
what partners are in there and and what
what they yeah I'm just making an
assumption yeah but yeah no uh yeah oh
dude this place and and I haven't even I
I haven't given away the whole video
like this place is flipping wild and I
was uh I was joking with them I was like
yeah so when we did the Intel Fab tour
uh they kind of quipped to me that the
last person they could remember giving
this level of access to was then
President Barack Obama Obama and um and
I was I just I I I told the anecdote
because I kind of wanted to see their
reaction and they were kind of
like I don't I can't think of anyone we
we've ever done this with because
remember they're not just showing me
around a little bit like they had an
entire Entourage there with us they had
like their head of oh man I'm going to
get this wrong his title's like head
of what's up Jimmy so now you have one
thing come with
Obama nice me Obama and Taylor Swift We
like birds of a feather you know yeah um
okay sorry what was I going to say
um right so so they didn't just like
show us around we had oh right his title
he was like the head of like Global
architecture Solutions or something like
that but in Canada so he was like like
the Canadian head of it but like
globally so like any any canadi Ian
based
multinational he like deals with so
essentially he's like a global
architecture lead guy but like Canadian
based or something like that for equinix
yeah for equinix yeah so they had they
had him there they had um they had a bun
they had as far as I could tell head of
security
like I don't know if that was for the
country or just like at all uh but he
was like he looked like a head of
security
just and super smart he the guy just
like knew everything off the top of his
head like every customer like everything
guy was chatted out it might have just
been for that Center but I I don't know
but they had the head security there um
dude these guys were these guys were
these guys were crazy um so they they
not only like showed us around or
whatever but they were there to answer
basically any question we had I asked
how much how much the how much uh
loading per square foot each floor was
designed for I wasn't expecting them to
give me that that is like a
that's a speck of their building design
like did they just know it and they they
they knew approximately offhand and then
found out and like told me I was like
okay there's six feet of concrete
between every
floor the place was crazy dude you
wouldn't believe the conduit runs it's a
thing of beauty it's a thing of beauty
you know you're a nerd when you I I
enjoy that as well just to be clear but
you know you're a nerd when you get
excited about the conduit runs but they
uh but yeah so and and we were in there
filming everything right like they were
like yeah I just don't think we've ever
done this okay cool and they might have
at some point maybe maybe you know
whoever I was talking to didn't remember
whatever are you worried about uh like
revisions to the video because they
noticed something or whatever no because
um a lot of their building is designed
to be Security First so because they're
going to have third party people
visiting their own cages or whatever
else it's designed so that they can't
see or touch or do anything they're not
supposed to do so everything that
equinix showed us was equinix stuff and
everybody who approved that was
literally standing there in our group as
we went around so it was one of those it
was one of those situations where like
it was a sponsored video but like I have
done it anyway like 100% And they didn't
even I think the only couple of things
asked for in the because I went through
the script with them the only like they
asked for a couple of things um I I said
they operate over 250 data centers
worldwide and they were like okay we
understand 250 is a kind of nicer
rounder sounding number we understand
why you did that but can you say over
260 I was like okay right who cares
right like I'm not gonna I'm not going
to dig in my heels they already doing
the specifics while you're live Minor
Details like that I just I just mean
like they didn't they didn't ask me to
change my voice
mys which guess isine because
realistically I was just nerding out the
whole time
anyway and there was stuff that I left
out that they mentioned like they had a
lot of the initial briefing was about
the like environmental impact stuff that
they work on and and initiatives like
that and I was like I I basically left
out all of it because at the end of the
day it's already going to be over a
20-minute video just so you know we just
released two videos on processors that
are really power efficient
people cared a lot yeah yeah and and so
I I I get I get that you know when
people go on equinix's website you know
that's needs to be the first thing that
they see and I understand the importance
of that stuff they do seem to
legitimately put a ton of very real work
into being a more sustainable company
which is great but it isn't why people
tuned into this video doesn't get a lot
of views it's and and I need to be
focused on what people clicked this
video to see you know and uh and so I I
I took a lot of that stuff out and they
were like okay you know we we want we we
want to let you be the expert they
suggested a bunch of like titles and
thumbnails and I like we're geared up to
have the talk you know because brand
suggestions for that stuff they're never
good they're usually terrible and I
started talking and they were like just
do whatever L gets lots of views and I
was like okay sweet I will nice so yeah
they just immediately back down we're
like yeah no I mean you're here because
like that's what you do
and we're doing this because this is
what we do uh so yeah you do you think
that's pretty sick yeah no dude I uh I
don't know I I told the I told the
business team that basically I don't I
don't travel anymore you know if a brand
asks hey how much of a bag of money does
it take to get lonus to to travel
anymore and I just say no right but what
I will travel for is something I like
would have done anyway I if if it's
something that like ticks off something
on my bucket list I'll I'll get on the
plane it's like and I know I I probably
sound a little spoiled right now but the
reality of it is that I spent a lot of
years traveling way too much uh it was
hard on my body uh it was hard on my
family and um the the reduction in
travel because of covid really opened my
eyes to and not just mine because I've
always felt like couldn't this just be a
conference call you know like I've
always had that mindset but I think it
opened a lot of people's eyes to how
much of what we do in person could just
be done remotely and um forced people to
work around that nobody was really
traveling and my whole thing has been
like okay well why don't I
just keep it that way um so I I still do
travel a little bit I mean I did
computex I did CES this year I'm going
to do CES I'll do computex again um you
know obviously I you know I I did the
Micron a facility tour but wouldn't you
go to Micron yes exactly why yeah but I
I want to go everywhere
um that's true why are you really going
to computex though if we're being real
to play badminton yes
yeah but I'm going to CES because I just
like should probably be there CES yeah
yeah CES I I hate
CES no offense if you live in fabulous
Las Vegas but it is not it's not my kind
of town I like uh I like a you know a
book or an interesting article to read
and like uh you know a nice spot on the
couch like that's my idea of a good good
time I I I love stage plays like like
I'll I would I would do that you know i'
I'd hop down to to Vegas to like you
know watch a couple shows or something
like that but like in general the Vegas
Vibe not my thing I don't like Vegas
sorry it is not a town made for either
of us yeah and no judgment if you're
into Vegas hey you do you go have fun
yeah what are we supposed to be doing
right now we should probably head into
when after dark oh no I want to talk
about small town panopticon sued in
court what the institute for justice a
nonprofit public interest law firm is
suing the city of Norfolk Virginia over
its extensive network of security
cameras that use automatic license plate
readers to log every passing car
alongside the car's color make um model
and any distinctive characteristics
officials including police can then
request the system give them a list
locations a car has been create lists of
cars that visited specific locations and
even track cars that are often seen
together yeah that the lawsuit aims to
either shut down the camera system or to
require police to obtain a warrant
before accessing the feeds or collecting
information from the database that's
right no
warrant big yikes this is like something
I would expect to be reading about like
China not the US
the fact that this got installed at all
and oh by the way these cameras are run
by flock who has cameras in over
5,000
communities it is unclear at this time
how common police misuse of this system
is but two well publicized incidents saw
a Sedwick Kansas police Lieutenant use
the system to stalk his estranged wife
in October 2022 and a police chief in
the same city used the system to stalk
his ex-girlfriend and her new boyfriend
in October of 2020 23 and I guarantee
you if they stay installed this will
keep happening and this type of
information is going to leak both of
those things it is likely that this
lawsuit focuses on Norfolk because it is
in the jurisdiction of the fourth circle
uh fourth circuit appeals court which
recently ruled against warrantless drone
surveillance in a different
case warrantless drone surveillance oh
yikes huge Mondo yikes
that's all I really have to say about
that um oh no I have something really
cool I actually I saw this and I just
like lost my
biz what no I don't want
to I'm not going to sign up for an
account that's fine cuz I can see what I
need to see before the thing pops up
there you go yeah dude start whatever
hold on oh my good video conference just
whatever video conferencing on a
plane dude dude guar Airways made its
first flight using starlink internet on
Tuesday making them the second airline
to launch starlink service after
Hawaiian Airlines who got theirs in
February according to Business Insider
who had a representative on the Qatar
Airways plane download speeds reached up
to
215 megabit per second that's not for
the whole plane that's for one person
qar Airways plans to make starlink Wi-Fi
free to all passengers compared to its
regular inflight Wi-Fi which is
extremely slow and costs $10 per flight
that means passengers can even make
video calls or live stream something
that Qatar Airways demonstrated with a
video call between their CEO and uh
starlink CEO Elon Musk on a prior test
flight Qatar Airways plans to roll up
the service to around 60% of its Fleet
in 2025 United Airlines and Air France
have also announced deals with starlink
this cannot come soon enough as someone
who spends time on planes and would like
to get some actual bloody work done yeah
I am like more excit like I know
starlink super important for like rural
areas and Disaster Response and and all
of that stuff and it's like actually a
super amazing technology we've we've
talked about it before it's awesome
um this one's going to be more
meaningful to my day-to-day life
personally so I have personal excitement
it's also interesting because it notes
that you know regular inflight Wi-Fi is
expensive and slow and I think it's
might be just qar Airlines but they're
planning on offering Starling for free
yeah so that tells us something about
the relative affordability of it cuz the
satellites are just up there they vibing
so you might as well use the capacity
unless I have a strong work reason I
don't tend to get inflight Wi-Fi anyways
dude I'm not talking about conference
calls I'm talking about like just being
able to access the freaking internet at
a reasonable speed it cut out for like
probably an hour of my flight to Toronto
and then like 45 minutes of my flight
back like it's not it's not usable oh
right I remember why I started talking
about equinix because that was this week
and I totally forgot because I flew out
Sunday night I had that shoot for like
12 13 hours on Monday and then I took
the red eyee back home so that I could
be home in time for the Mighty Car Mods
collab Tuesday morning so this week I'm
just like I think that's I had badminton
training on Tuesday night which was this
with the guy that I'm like it's not with
a coach but he's like done some coaching
but also we're both doing everything
like we're just trying to like help each
other improve so we're like both feeding
and like both doing the footwork drills
and stuff like that at the same time so
I had that that was that was crazy my my
legs are so much in very much pain then
like Wednesday I don't remember even
what happened Wednesday and then
Thursday yesterday I had training again
cuz I'm trying to I'm trying to like get
good for a tournament in December so
like I'm
just I I I have no idea what's going on
man yeah sorry what are we talking about
uh oh dude I'm sorry we we will get to
some merch messages uh I guess we kind
of we kind of uh let's power through
these two we can do them both pretty
quick Chrome is purging U origin the
extension page in the Chrome web store
is still up but some users are reporting
popups from chrome telling them that you
block origin is now unsupported and
turning the extension off Google says
that it's new newly rolled out manifest
V3 framework still allows developers to
create ad blockers for Chrome but many U
block users however are talking about
moving to Firefox or brave because of
this Interruption um discussion question
how many people are actually going to
switch off of chrome and is it enough to
matter uh I don't think it's going to be
that many
people we'll see but hopefully it will
be enough matter I mean people I I think
a lot of people thought Internet
Explorer was unsalable at one point they
had like 90 plus% market share or
whatever it was so anything can change
anything can change do a Firefox poll
now no I don't feel like being lied to
right now which is why I'm not going to
oh Dan can you uh can you move our box
yep darn it um not only does the the new
designs of the product pages and stuff
in in the labs website look look all
super neat and we're writing cooler
articles and things like that
but there's a a little bit of I don't
know if you no
way just for you guys just for just just
for all of you float plane members that
was not my idea um but I think it's
hilarious so it it's there um yeah all
right because I don't feel like being
lied to right now I'm not going to buy
an AMD um new b840
motherboard amd's new 800 series
motherboards are a mess according to a
recent article over on XDA Developers
who have been who has been strongly
critical of amd's new motherboards so
for starters the b840 is named as though
it is a b tier chipset which typically
allows CPU overclocking but instead it
not only doesn't have overclocking
support like last generation's budget
a620 uh boards it is arguably worse than
the a620 because it only supports PCI
Express gen 3 for graphics and storage
while a620 supports Gen
4 XDA also claims that the rest of the
chipsets aren't really that different
from last gen the x870
adds mandatory USB 4 to the x670 E specs
while the x870 adds that and a pcie 5.0
slot uh a pcie 5.0 slot is also the only
upgrade that b850 has over b650 the
conclusion reached by XDA is that these
upgrades don't justify the price
increase and AMD is resorting to Shady
naming tactics agreed comparable to
nvidia's Infamous 480 12 gig controversy
it's almost like AMD was never your
friend
yeah they want your money careful people
are going get mad I am dude I am so
tired of deceptive naming schemes I know
I keep talking about how I want to be
like more positive in our coverage but I
just you just you see so much of it and
I think I think that a lot of the time
it's easy for people to watch our
content and go well that doesn't seem
like that big of a deal and it's like
yeah but it's cumulative you know like
it eats at you like you see this kind of
stuff over and over and over again you
see people make mistakes and like
you know you read about people who are
getting confused by it you know like
you'll see
people oh I want a I want a core i7 you
know not realizing that they're buying
an ultr light laptop and that core i7 is
not fast and like probably doesn't
matter compared to the Core i5
for editing documents right like it's
just the the way
that I just wish that we could Market
honestly because honest marketing is if
you have a good product is actually
better educating your customers turns
them into informed customers it turns
them into advocates for your brand like
it maybe that's my new career be like a
marketing
consultant you know go tell them to be
less stupid yeah wasn't that that was a
direction at one point potentially yeah
I mean it's something I considered I
never had an offer for it though like
that's not what WD offered me no no they
wanted me to like like lead marketing
for or be on a Marketing Group no not
lead it no I was going to work for I
forget her name anyway yeah no I
wouldn't I wouldn't be high up enough to
have actually made a difference I don't
think looking back on it
now all right uh what else we got oh
wash your bottle kids so this my
friends this oh my god
seriously um what Dan are you into
Reddit I think so what I can do is I can
just post the there we go uh do you want
to zoom in so this is why we redesigned
the water bottle lid making it much
easier to pull out your o-ring and wash
it yes it was worth it that's a moose
that's a moose nice moose what about the
added flavor show me your
moose okay we alluded to this ear but
the last big one this week is arm
cancels qualcomm's license this week arm
gave 60 days notice to Qualcomm that
they're canceling their architectural
license agreement on grounds of repeated
material breaches to the agreement
notably arm will be facing Qualcomm at
trial in just 51 days over qualcomm's
acquisition of CPU startup nuvia
um novia's license was supposed to only
allow server chip applications and was
supposed to be n transferable but
Qualcomm has just been like using it
notably in the Snapdragon X Elite laptop
chips that they released this year both
companies stock prices fell in response
to the announcement of arms
decision I got to think they're
bluffing I agree but to what end like
why is mediatech really going to pick up
the slack in the phone space no like
immediately well no no no no they're
better than you probably realize I think
it's probably been a while since you've
looked at media Tech's latest stuff and
they're actually
like pretty good now okay
yeah qualcom lost an arm I really just
want risk to win um that's very funny
and this this is the kind of stuff that
if arm just just acts like a petulant
child about things but I mean In
fairness they did break terms In
fairness yeah yeah SN
Qualcomm is almost certainly not um not
going to come of this looking like
Saints either like licensing agreements
do exist for a
reason all right Dan it's time for after
dark let's do it Okie doie I got to push
the
button and then
do the
purple
purple you're welcome merch messages hey
D sitting here listening to the stream
doing my plaque brachial therapy for my
eye cancer can't read well but I can
listen what is your most interesting
non-te podcast or book to read you're a
book person not a Vegas person
interesting uh I most interesting non-te
book okay I don't know if I listen to
podcasts
um man I'm mostly I'm mostly an article
reader these days I don't find much time
to read for
leisure um after my sister died um tan
gave me a book called Tuesdays with Mory
that is like super famous um I read that
so that's probably that's the last book
I read uh it was good hopefully it's not
on topic for you uh really hope your
treatment goes
well
um any non-tech podcasts
uh oh podcasts um I only and I don't
listen to it that often anymore but just
the yard yeah okay fun bro podcast this
book you said interesting book I would
absolutely not say this
is the best book I don't even know if I
would say it's an amazing book I haven't
I don't think I've recommended it to
anyone ever it's always risky to give a
book recommendation right because like
people are going to judge you
immediately I'm going to your whole soul
is about to be judged because
they said interesting book okay
interesting and it is an interesting
book
s 3.86 out of five and it probably
that's probably Justified it the plot is
not that amazing but it's a very
interesting book it's sealed when you
buy it you have to break the seal on it
and then there's pieces of like evidence
you know they're looking for stuff that
they can listen to as an audiobook right
no okay I didn't that part um
neat let's move on
probably I've got a lot of audio books
hold on a second okay all right Dan why
don't you read me another one while Luke
finds some good audio books okay sure
excited for the
end uh excited for the MCM collab video
after collaborating with the world
world's best off-roading YouTube channel
are there any other non-tech channels
that would make for an interesting
collaboration
um Plato's The Republic narrated by
raych Childs or chills I'm not sure
which one it is there you go does a very
good job it's it's a really good listen
there you go go go go with that instead
um thank you Luke that was much more
helpful or bar elephant graveyard also
very good okay I'm going to lean on I'm
going to lean on my co-hosts again I I
don't really watch YouTube much any
other non- Tech channels that would make
for an interesting collaboration
channels I don't know non Tech
I would love to see you with a click
spring what's that he's doing an analog
uh version of the antira mechanism I
guess that would be a tech Channel cuz
the antira mechanism is technically a
computer tech Channel but he does
Machining videos I'd love to do like a
how how wide do you go with tech I think
it'd be kind of cool to do like um like
a like like workstation Effectiveness
analysis with like an engineering
Channel or like an animation Channel or
something like that because that's a
space that's really not well documented
in terms of like how to Benchmark same
with like music production so we bring
in like a BN we we basically like bring
in like four machines or something like
that and we go okay we built what we
think is like a good better best
Ultimate do your thing you know we'll
watch like let's see let's see if any of
this matters you know um I think
something like that would be pretty
cool yeah if if you I mean could work
with like bonea or something and oh yeah
find like you know gamers are notorious
for not wanting to spend time cooking
cuz I mean they could be gaming
obviously bonea gamer meals getting
gamer meals from bonati could be pretty
sick we have a big sponsorship coming up
the deal is not actually Inked and I
want them to be the one to announce it
not us um but uh wait why are you
talking about it then well I'm not going
to say who it is oh yeah but LTT store
is uh is on kind of like a sponsorship
ship drive right now uh sponsoring other
YouTubers so we're we're working on some
stuff so I'm not going to tell you who
it is but what I will tell you is that
it's someone that float plane chat has
mentioned in the last two minutes oh
yeah and it's a pretty it's a pretty
sizable sponsorship dollar amount it's
it's comfortably five figures so it's
like who they're a pretty big deal okay
yeah I'm I'm pretty
excited um
I'm trying to think what would be it's
not
Lunchables oh I'm disappointed can you
survive eating mold for more than a week
well I'll pay you a five figure
sponsorship to find out why a stomach
pump tips that would actually be a
hilarious like Mr Beast Style video
parody how much moldy Lunchables cheese
can you eat like the last person to the
last person to be eating lunchable moldy
cheese wins this car
we water cooled your dialysis machine
yeah doing doing some form of like
computer experiment thing using science
Mindy Han green something like that
could be good Han green seems super cool
yep
um everyone else is like too closely
related like even electroboom is
probably too close we've already
collabed with them I've hung out with
smos a couple times at events and stuff
they're like super cool that could be
fun yeah CTS Kaz I can think of a few
different ways that you could even do
that as well I think for me me at this
point in my career honestly I've kind of
done I've kind of done it all when it
comes to Tech I'd rather I'd rather go
on someone else's Channel now I think
just like yeah I don't know you're doing
something like weird yeah let's play
like practically anything yeah let's
play paintball with you know grape juice
you have to catch it in your mouth like
I don't know like what whatever whatever
kind of I I don't know I'm
just you get graped in the mouth that's
an
exam lus gets tied to the radiator
oh my God oh my
God I was not expecting that
reference oh man
okay 5-second films yeah oh that would
be fun dude I used to watch those guys
in University oh they they're back they
took a very long break I've heard yeah
I'm going to Grape
you what is going
on oh my God I'm the grapest I don't
even know this reference and I don't
want to Google
it okay oh is it white is kids you know
yeah oh
okay I remember now um it's a reference
guys yeah it's a reference
okay um great I don't I'd have to like
bring up my YouTube and figure it out
very hard to watch I think practically
anyone to be completely
honest yeah anyways moving on uh hey D
finally buying something from the store
how is progress going with the city and
the Badminton Center we submitted our
package to the city um they uh have not
gotten back to us like about the result
but but this is promising they did get
back to us to say that they have
received our package and that they have
scheduled a meeting to discuss it and uh
that they would follow up with us with a
decision and next steps that's good
which to me sounds like there are next
steps considering there's next steps
mentioned I mean it's good that you
heard anything yeah and the fact that
they're on it that's always a sign how
quickly you get an email back tells you
more than probably anything else about
how important something is to the person
on the other side
sad what there's a project that I'm
working on took like over a month for
them to respond recently but then we had
a meeting about it this week and now we
have meetings about it every week moving
forward okay so it's probably fine now
okay well or it could tell you something
about how busy the other person is
remember remember it's relative right we
can't change multiple variables you
can't compare one person to another
person I'm just saying that if you had
worked with the city in the past and
they would take a month or never to
reply to your emails and they're working
with them now and they're like on it
same day next day a couple days that's
good you're a priority that's good yeah
you're a high priority so I'm I'm really
I'm really really optimistic about whale
I'm really excited
um as for B Center good it's been soft
open for almost a month now I think and
next week we are going to move the
evening the very evening 7: to 10: p.m.
uh dropin session to be paid wait are
the new floors
in no so only one side is open and we
have signs up everywhere saying that the
floors are temporary so what's going to
happen is we have placed the PO for our
new floors they're from Victor uh they
have said uh 6 to 10 weeks for
production um once they arrive the same
company that installed our floors is
going to install these ones for us cuz
they did a great job of the installation
just the defective material um so
they're going to install it on the side
that is currently unfinished then we're
going to move all our programs over
there then they're going to go on the
side that is finished now they're going
to rip out the bad parts they're going
to put in the new parts and then they're
going to go away and then it will
actually be finished good cool very
exciting super exciting I wasn't
expecting there to be so many people
there it's very popular right it was
amazing yeah this whole time Dan thought
he was building a giant facility for
just me to toy with cuz I was there by
myself for until like 1:00 p.m. and I
thought oh man this place is is dead lus
has no clients and then like 400 people
showed up and all of the courts were
jammed and I was like all right maybe
lus maybe lus shouldn't have been
doubted ever friends and family right
now um well
people they uh the best way to get
people to tell everyone they know about
something is to tell them not to tell
anybody so we I it's
friendsss friends of friends to my
knowledge we have never posted it
publicly yet and yet every time I go in
there I recognize hardly anybody um and
I think we have over a thousand people
on in our customer database now my
parents told a couple of their friends
about it and they're like oh my God I
love badminton there's nowhere to play
we're going to go there I had no idea
badminton was this popular it's
incredible are you going to are you
going to work out with me again when
there's a gym at the Bon Center
absolutely yeah my life is calming down
a lot I mean I'll come back to the
normal gym I feel bad I feel bad I'm
back to where I was before the sickness
good I got a long way to recovery but
things are calming heck we'll get there
yeah all right what else we got hi
question for lonus in Supreme Commander
how do you deal with endgame lag when
all the players get to unit cap same
faster skill issue Stellaris Kerbal
Space Program Minecraft no it is a real
problem uh even though it's an old game
like what is it like 2008 or something
like that I can't remember when Supreme
Commander came out off the top of my
head but even though it's an older game
it's
single-threaded um and so even modern
processors struggle to handle the the
maximum unit counts on these like
gigantic 40 km square maps um and as if
anyone if anybody in in the lobby has a
slower computer it slows down the game
for everybody because um The Sim
everyone has to be able to handle the
Sim uh so the combat is all physics
based in the game so because you're
simming every moving projectile on the
entire map it's it gets pretty
ridiculous it is fair that it gets
ridiculous yeah yeah um but yeah there's
not really much you can do about it get
good get better computers I don't I
don't know man promote mindless
consumerism buy more computer
yeah good make sure that when you're
doing that they're notably powered by
batteries yeah lithium batteries yeah
with lots of ideally as much Cobalt as
possible and have them flown in yeah yes
and Lead yep get Leed in your batteries
to get the lead out
MH any updates on a potential collab
with big time would love to see some LTD
staff subject to Jerry's lie detector
test I don't know that sounds really
funny um
and I I don't know if I don't think we
have anything planned like collab wise
but I I did say before that I would love
to sponsor big time I don't actually
know where we are at on that I don't
know if I've gotten an update but the
team knows that I would like to do that
so hopefully I'd like to work with them
hopefully someday we will get uh I'll
I'll get like my phone blowing up like
oh my goodness I saw your screwdriver on
big time so we'll
see hey Luke's mom and dll what are your
thoughts on COD blops six having an
advanced audio subscription what's next
charging to unlock the frame rate wait
what
what I don't know like surround sound
also I thought it was bloops oh no
that's yeah I've always called it bloops
what enhanced
audio What audio subscription do you
need to buy it how did how did I not how
did I not see this
okay so sorry I'm on read write.com
which I've also never heard of uh
enhanced headphone mode designed to give
you more immersive sound using Tech from
embody directional accuracy helps
you directional accuracy did we come
full circle all the way back to
eax are they not using like fod or wowi
which is spatial audio you can unlock a
5-year license for personalized sound
profile through embodies immersed
spatial audio
technology what is
this I mean it's not unprecedented to
have to pay for a subscription or pay
for oh yeah subscription like Atmos but
to have to pay yeah like Atmos and
windows like to have to pay for like
like a Kodak
or but accurate placement of sounds
which can be helpful multiplayer audio
cues like footsteps gunfire $20 for a
5year license I mean that doesn't for
the amount of money that you're going to
spend on like like dogs
right it doesn't
seem wasn't it Cod that had the stupid
dog that you could buy that you were so
upset about no oh was that Battlefield
no it was a which one was it RTS game I
don't remember name are you sure
yeah whatever the point is some like
nonsense cosmetic for the amount of
money you're going to spend on that um
this doesn't
seem that unreasonable especially if
they're if a
effectively just
licensing a third party audio tech with
that said I think that this is what like
a 90 Canadian dollar game like if you're
spending that much on this game then I
mean is it not pretty reasonable for
them to just include good audio in it
also like knowing that you're at a
disadvantage compared to other players
because you didn't pay the subscription
that goes along with the game is that's
how they get you a little rough all
recently released uh spatial audio tool
as well Bas valve
again some Final Fantasy 14 fans this is
according to readed write.com where the
service has been available for a while
have expressed dissatisfaction comparing
it to similar Technologies like Dolby
Atmos which some say offer comparable
spatial audio without the extra
cost uh all right well good luck
everybody ah man I had decided to not do
the whole Cod blop six
thing and now I'm happy about that
decision I miss like having Shooters to
play you're going to turn into a non-
gamer basically dude yeah you're going
to be a non- gamer until like balers
gate 4 comes out yeah and that'll be in
like it'll be like that's going to be by
like Hasbro or whoever it's not going to
be by laran oh really larion lost the
license no they just left oh yeah based
laran yeah all right yeah the next game
that larion makes is not going to be uh
bers gate wow Hasbro is going to bung it
up like so bad they have quite the
blueprint to at least make no like you
know Far Cry 17 okay tell you what no
I'm going stop you right
there show me a like
Hasbro show me a Hasbro game studios
game that's like good what games have
they made I remember getting their
Monopoly Gam in my serial box when I was
a kid I was going to say actually those
games were pretty good there was Boggle
Monopoly I forget which other ones I
know I've launched games that had the
Hasbro logo that I liked and then I went
back and remembered that it was those I
don't just their board games but on a CD
all right I want what hasb video games
Hasbro studio video games what games do
they
made yeah I know they did the billion
dooll investment um like this year
basically they saw balls Gate 3 pop off
and they're like huh billion dollars
yeah yeah I don't know if it's called
Hasbro games Studios I just like I I
know that they're working on some stuff
wait Hasbro games is an
Ubisoft Mech Warriors 3 Pirates Moon I
think that was the worst Mech Warriors
game ever
made
huh they made Glover
classic H moving on all right cool good
luck everybody yeah hey lldd lonus how's
the iPhone going and how long do you
plan to use it for also any idea when
the Retro pet cave will ever come back
uh H our our second order of the Retro
pet cave was a disaster they were the
wrong color they're all mashy we're
working on it but like it's the exact
same suppliers like how' they screw that
up I don't get it like just do the same
thing you did last time just just don't
swaper it drives me crazy you guys it
drives me crazy dude I have so many more
notes on my thing like this dock is so
long um like there's man so many of them
are just little things that iPhone
people are going to tell me don't matter
and I'm like yeah to you I guess but to
me they do like when you okay have you
ever have you ever noticed this on an
iPhone when when you scroll the
scrolling is slow no no not that oh um
here it's a lot more noticeable in the
YouTube studio app which I use a fair
bit to uh like read comments and stuff
Community oh it's a community tab now
they made an update okay so do you
crying out loud okay okay so as I'm
scrolling do you notice
anything not really do you notice that
it highlights the comment that I click
on even though I'm not interacting with
that comment not always I did notice
that happen a couple times but not
always I'm just scrolling and it
highlights the comment since you
mentioned it I don't think it's happened
you know what if it's already moving it
doesn't there you go yeah so see that
how it highlights the comment
yeah why what other modern interface
will will act like you have activated an
element on screen when you're actually
just
scrolling if you do it really fast does
it happen yeah watch
yeah does it every single time why it
makes me feel like I'm misclicking stuff
all the time what do you mean because
you touched it no
incorrect literally Windows doesn't do
that on touch screens Android doesn't do
that on touch screens it's really
misleading because it makes you seem
like you're interacting with that
element but you're
not I'm trying to think what would cause
it I I feel like it's like it's delay on
interacting with that element is really
low or something or well no cuz it
Doesn't interact with it it knows I'm
just
scrolling uh yeah but if you if you like
held press on that would it do that
animation of you interacting with it in
the exact same way if so then you're
just not hold pressing it long enough
just no just it doesn't do
anything it just keeps highlighting
it yeah so I have to tap it in order for
it to actually do anything but if I
scroll and I T if if I touch it first
when I scroll or if I just hold it it
just like highlights it yeah and then
doesn't actually activate it is it just
people are commenting is it just the
YouTube app yeah no it does it in uh it
does it in like my news feed and stuff
like that like why why I thought you're
supposed to be a paragon of like design
in ux like this is obviously wrong
design in ux is subjective um I'm also
experiencing the bug where my ringer
volume gets bugged sometimes and goes
super loud
literally interrupted a shoot because my
uh my ringer was set to like like this
much and it was
like like going off in the middle of the
shoot like it's been so buggy that made
me think dude I should I should change
my ringer to the Everquest level up
sound most people aren't going to get
why that's yeah anyways um oh what was
this what was this uh what was this
note uh convenience oh yeah oh dude when
you're connected to carplay if you take
a system screenshot it sends your
carplay screenshot as
well what yeah and as I I'm sure there's
a way to un that it but it was not super
obvious and I was um busy so I didn't
deal with it but it's on my list of
things to figure out as well so like it
sends both like two separate things or
they like stitched together they're like
stitched together um I ran into a crazy
bug uh that I recorded on my Note 9
where touch wasn't registering in the
right spot I recorded that so I I'll
have that
uh I mean again there's lots of cool
stuff so since the last time we talked
um the phone noticed that I never really
like deplete the battery and
automatically recommended I switch over
to limiting it to 80% to optimize the
long-term life that's really cool that's
cool I like um I really like the way
there's a little popup in the island if
you uh get a call on this and your
airpods are on you but like paired to
something else and this was to a Windows
laptop so it's not like they were
talking oh it can like suggest you to
take it over hey can I grab can I grab
that instead of just grabbing it you
know like your car will do that was
really cool so there's lots of really
cool stuff lots of really cool stuff um
and lots of stuff that's just like
completely obvious garbage anyman is
saying that it's individual screenshots
when carplay is active not that they're
stitched oh okay sure well when you're
using the share interface which is what
I use um they're both there and there
wasn't an obvious way to get rid of the
other one interesting so I accidentally
when I was messaging plof uh sent him
both my answer and my
location oh yeah that is stitched it
looks I like it or wait is that two
separate files I don't know click it
yeah it might be two I no I can't
cuzen uh the point is just that it was I
I wasn't expecting to send him like a
screenshot of my map on on carplay that
was not what I was not what I intended
to do um no I haven't had the flashlight
bug yeah so overall
I I don't really um I don't really like
it it's really buggy I was expecting a
lot more just works and a lot less well
there was the time when my phone just
cut out when you called
me that yeah Su off like just turned and
it was weird cuz on on my end the call
didn't even disconnect and he his call
history has a log of our call connecting
and mine doesn't like it just has no
idea that that ever happened the Android
phone just overpowered the iPhone yeah I
guess so yeah how is it still buggy they
have one phone everything's going to
have bugs dude yeah you can't you can't
say how is anything still buggy
everything ever is going to have bugs as
higher a second div they legitimately
they legitimately changed a lot in iOS
18 they just um I don't know it could be
it could be way better could be way
better all right software is going to
software yeah I hate computers at Shorty
Swift you've spoken a few times about
your disdain for Sleep Country on the
show but you've never really Del into it
stop that care to share more
info as to why you dislike them so much
I will do you one better and I will
direct you to the place where you can go
to learn all about
mattresses mattress underground.com is
based
you're
welcome
sick typical Monday listener here what's
the most wasted qualifications that you
have
encountered oh A+
uh no no that' be something like with a
that's the opposite yeah no we we have
some people who work here who have like
like just ridiculous credentials but um
do stuff here that is nothing to do with
them at all like almost any PhD where
you're ending up anywhere other than
like research and Engineering or
education it feels like maybe you like
can get paid more for it like if you
have a PhD I think you get paid more as
like a counselor or a teacher for
example like in the public sector but
the reality of it is once you're in the
private sector your your initial
compensation is going to be you know
whatever it is whatever you negotiate
with your employer but then beyond that
your PhD is not going to like get you
raised next year you're going to have
have to perform
so yeah maybe that helps you do that
maybe it doesn't maybe it doesn't I have
a ballet degree yeah I could see
that not necessarily getting you much
unless you wanted to be a ballet teacher
yeah there's a lot of degrees that are
like if you want to teach the thing that
you got your degree in great if not
there's
nothing yep hi dll does the float plane
Tech stack utilize open source software
if so do you worry that license changes
like what happened with redis could
impact future maintainability we do and
yes but that's also a problem with notop
Source software sure is so like a big
problem it's potentially a bigger one
yeah we're having an issue I'm not going
to name them but we're having an issue
right now with a particular company
where we wanted to change the tier of
like subscription that we had with them
um and
uh oh the way that that is being handled
is extremely unsavory I will say at this
point in time uh to the point where we
might just be completely bailing out
which will take development
time
but would be worth it okay we'll get
them these vests and our developers will
code so much faster with AI I'll I'll
wait till it's done before I I talk
about it because it's not it's not done
yet so naming them now would just be in
bad taste tast um sure but yeah it's
like but we won't hesitate to name you
if you don't get your act together it's
it's pretty lame uh what they're they're
saying they would be doing um so we'll
we'll see how it
goes I noticed you haven't had any new
bonus bin items in a while are there any
plans to make a 2024 sticker pack
another postcard maybe some more of
those cool pins or anything similar yes
Sarah's been busy we definitely have new
pins coming and we definitely have a
2024 sticker pack in the works it's not
everyone's so convinced it's Cloud flare
the one company I'll say it isn't is
cloud flare
yeah I won't I won't that's where it's
the only reason why I'm saying it is
just cuz so many people said Cloud
flare I understand why you say that yeah
we've definitely had some conversations
with cl flare but but in this case it is
it is actually not I'm just clarifying
that cuz so many people said it it's not
Cloud F this isn't necessarily a
question but give me an early birthday
present next time lonus gets premium
access to a company Let It Be valve I
want to see inside the company we all
have so much invested in with our
libraries I'll tell you what our rep
there is super chill she's really nice I
will screenshot this and I will send it
to
her nice all right I'm not promising
anything literally doing that right now
yeah he is a humble request I look so
serious in the vest every time I look
over the TV I'm like oh yeah you look
like you look like I'm in my quarterly
review meeting I did way too many of
those over the last couple weeks I don't
want to do anymore yeah L had to dress
up because it's not going to be
positive you don't you come into like a
stained t-shirt yeah this is fine okay
next oh man I better put a button up on
oh
no no the clothes have been looking
really good on you recently must be the
tall it's weird yeah it might be
something to do with the fit yeah
interesting interesting never thought
about that I had a friend come over and
she was immediately like oh my God your
shirt looks great I'm like tall size
I've had a non insignificant amount of
people mention that my shirts
fit unsurprisingly it's always been like
you know like my mom like women in my
life which there are not many
but but my mom and um Emma and Emma
immediately noticed my mom immediately
noticed like it just it actually fits
now yeah which is honestly you know once
you've partnered up probably that's
pretty much all that
matters but like it's it's interesting
how fast I'm not saying you should avoid
other women I'm just saying like no it's
I don't know you got the bases covered
that's all yeah outside of work like the
Casual Hangouts that I mean I barely
have friends at all these days
so yeah I don't know it is what it is
it's everything's okay the shirts fit
though
cool hi w this easy to get him to sh
this hard for the store it would made it
this I've been asking for told that this
would happen it's been very clear there
was no miscommunication we said exactly
what we needed it was delivered and now
we are acing on our side of the deal
women have taken notice of
us and they have nice thighs and
everything oh boy hi W oh my goodness
week number two of asking for an update
on the 3D printed custom Loop oh they do
updates on float plane which is where we
said we would do updates better get
subscribed on float plane they do happen
there I've seen it uh last one I got for
you hey LDL I work as a private teacher
for a family of billionaires the family
does Pro Motorsports if you homeschooled
with an infinite budget and lots of
travel opportunities what would you do I
don't think I would homeschool my kids
um interesting socialization is
important yeah maybe not when you're a
billionaire yeah maybe well I no I would
think if anything it would be
more
H um that's what they that's why they
don't that's how they feel about
everyone else I mean I don't know maybe
I I can't speak for them I'm not a
billionaire um if you homeschooled with
an infinite budget and had lots of
travel opportunities yeah see okay we
got a couple of problems here so number
one is um at risk of sounding like I
look in this vest
um my kids can have whatever education
they want effectively I have an infinite
education budget for my kids there's no
amount of like education budget that I
couldn't afford at this point um so I
like kind of do except that I wouldn't
homeschooled them like I like just
wouldn't do that that's not even that's
not even on the menu
um uh I think the homeschooling would be
that you hired like people to come and
teach them like the world top Engineers
lots of lots of practical experiments
and demonstrations I think yeah I think
that'd be cool visiting a lot of uh
here's a laboratory go learn how to do
science with a team of people to teach
you I mean yeah I guess that'd be kind
of cool but like
GH because I mean at that point in time
they don't need to work so all you
really need to do is Inspire interest so
showing them how cool things that you
can do with the different subjects are
go try everything to find what you're
interested in and then we'll we'll dive
into that maybe I think
so make sure they at least know the
definition of the word
job yeah can at least pretend for a
little while I'm just I'm just reading
I'm just reading chat right now it's
it's interesting hearing everyone's sort
of different background like yeah I went
to home school it was great I did home
school it was the worst I I think at the
end of the day they're going to make the
best um I think they're going to make
they're going to make make whatever they
make of whatever they have like I I
didn't have a fancy education
um and so much knowledge is available
for free now that I just I don't know I
don't know if I'm convinced that um that
like fancy school I mean travel
opportunities could be cool like being
able to see see things in person instead
of read money and infinite travel
opportunities I think I think there's a
lot you can do you also waste a lot of
time traveling though like no amount of
no amount of money makes it so that you
know going somewhere far away is when
you've got private jets you could have
like the the paperwork stuff that they
have to do on the
planes yeah I mean I guess so you could
just like you know oh let's learn about
uh wac Bennett Dam by going there like
yeah I guess I guess that that's
something um here's a helicopter you can
learn how to fix it
yeah have fun man there's almost too
many there's almost too many uh there's
almost too many options like I wouldn't
even know what to do with it I have to
confess I hadn't really given it that
much thought I just let the school kind
of do their curriculum and Reading
Writing rithmetic and a little bit of
Performing Arts and Fine Arts
and I mean I would I would be if I was I
don't know if you're clearly not the
parent so if I if I were you I would be
most concerned about making sure that
they're not just like I'm did you did
did you just accuse Ivonne of cheating
what no I'm talking to the person who
sent in the merch message um we all know
ivonne's the real parent yeah that's
fair
yeah of four kids
um and 15
cats five five we'll get there um but
like yeah I don't know showing
them like the the impact of of bad
things in our oceans and doing Beach
cleanups things could be cool um doing
things like that giving them a reason to
give a crap about
anything yeah my fiance is homeschooled
she's mostly normal says TG 420
okay nice nice nice and I think that's
it for the W show yeah we'll see you
again next week same bad time see bad
Channel bye
[Music]
it's like anything's kind of Education